add initial config description on README (#83)
kubernetes-sigs/kube-scheduler-simulator: README.md

![result](./docs/images/result.jpg)

> You can configure the scheduler on the simulator or by using environment variable through KubeSchedulerConfiguration.

Reviewer: This change is not needed. (because even if users pass configuration via env, the configuration itself is `KubeSchedulerConfiguration`.

Author: ah, ok. I misunderstood.

[Scheduler Configuration | Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/scheduling/config/)

> When you use environment variable, you can set yaml file path on it named `KUBE_SCHEDULER_CONFIG_PATH`. That will be set as initial configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass a KubeSchedulerConfiguration file via the environment variable `KUBE_SCHEDULER_CONFIG_PATH` and the simulator will start kube-scheduler with that configuration.
```
